and the Lord spoke to Moses take Aaron
and his sons with him and the garments
the anointing oil a bull as the sin
offering to rams and a basket of
unleavened bread and gather all the
congregation together at the door of the
tabernacle of meeting
so Moses did as the LORD commanded him
and the congregation was gathered
together at the door of the tabernacle
of meeting and Moses said to the
congregation this is what the LORD
commanded to begun then Moses brought
Aaron and his sons and washed with water
and he put the tunic on him girded him
with the sash clothed him with the road
but he put the ether on him and he
girded him with the intricately woven
band of the ephod and with it tied the
ephod on him then he put the breastplate
and he put the Urim and the Thummim in
the breastplate and he put the turban on
his head also on the turban on its front
he put the golden plates the holy crown
as the Lord had commanded Moses also
Moses took the anointing oil and
anointed the tabernacle and all that was
in it and consecrated them he sprinkled
some of it on the altar 7-time anointed
the altar and all its utensils and the
Laver and it's base to consecrate
and he poured some of the anointing oil
on Aaron's head and anointed him to
consecrate him and Moses brought Aaron's
sons and put tunics on them girded them
with sashes and put hats on them as the
Lord had commanded Moses and he brought
the bull for the sin offering and Aaron
and his sons laid their hands on the
head of the bull for the sin offering
and Moses killed it then he took the
blood and put some on the horns of the
altar all around with his fingers and
purified the altar he poured the blood
at the face of the altar and consecrated
it to make atonement for it
then he took all the fat that was on the
entrance the fatty lobe attached to the
liver and the tube kidneys with their
fat and Moses burned them on the altar
but the bull it's high it's flesh and
it's awful he burned with fire outside
the camp as the Lord had commanded Moses
then he brought the ran as the burnt
offering and Aaron and his sons laid
their hands on the head of the RAM and
Moses killed then he sprinkled the blood
all around on the altar and he cut the
Rama to pieces and Moses burnt the head
of the pieces and the fact then he
washed the entrails and the legs in
water and Moses burned the whole RAM on
the altar it was a burnt sacrifice for a
sweet aroma an offering made by fire to
the Lord as the Lord had commanded Moses
and he brought the second ram the ram of
consecration then Aaron and his sons
laid their hands on the head of the RAM
and Moses killed also he took some of
its blood and put it on the tip of
Aaron's right ear on the thumb of his
right hand and on the big toe of his
right foot
then he brought Aaron's sons and Moses
put some of the blood on the tips of
their right ears on the thumbs of their
right hands and on the big toes of their
right feet and Moses sprinkled the blood
all around on the altar then he took the
fat and the fat tail all the fat that
was on the entrails the fatty lobe
attached to the liver the two kidneys
and their fat and the right thigh and
from the basket of unleavened bread that
was before the Lord
he took one unleavened cake a cake of
bread anointed with oil and one wafer
and put them on the fat and on the right
thigh and he put all these in Aaron's
hands and in his son's hands and waved
them as a wave offering before the Lord
then Moses took them from their hands
and burned them on the altar on the
burnt offering
they were consecration offerings for a
sweet aroma that was an offering made by
fire to the Lord and Moses took the
breast and waived it as a wave offering
before the Lord it was Moses part of the
RAM of consecration as the Lord had
commanded Moses when Moses took some of
the anointing oil and some of the blood
which was on the altar and sprinkled it
on air on his garments on his sons and
on the garments of his sons with him and
he consecrated Aaron his garments his
sons and the garments of his sons with
him and Moses said to Aaron and his sons
boil the flesh at the door of the
tabernacle of meeting and eat it there
with the bread that is in the basket of
consecration offerings as I commanded
saying Aaron and his sons shall eat it
what remains of the flesh and of the
bread you shall burn with fire and you
shall not go outside the door of the
tabernacle of meeting for seven days
until the days of your consecration are
ended for seven days
he shall consecrate you as he has done
this day so the Lord has commanded to do
to make atonement for you therefore
you should stay at the door of the
tabernacle of meaning day and night for
seven days and keep the charge of the
Lord so that you may not die for so I
have been commanded so Aaron and his
sons did all the things that the Lord
had commanded by the hand of Moses